Proof of concept C host (#334)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/src/language-support/building-a-simple-component/c.md

...
```

## 6. Run the component with `wasmtime --invoke`

> If you want to quickly run the `add` export without writing a host application that embeds Wasmtime,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to quickly run the `add` export without writing an application that embeds Wasmtime,
```

you can invoke it directly with the Wasmtime CLI.

```console
wasmtime run --invoke 'add(2, 2)' adder.wasm
```

Depending on your Wasmtime version, the shorthand form may also work:

```console
wasmtime --invoke 'add(2,2)' adder.wasm
```

> ## 7. Run the component from the example C host

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 7. Run the component from C/C++ Applications
```

This repository includes a C application that can execute components that implement the add interface. This application embeds Wasmtime using the Wasmtime C API:

> `component-model/examples/example-c-host/host.c`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`component-model/examples/example-c-application/app.c`.
```

The application expects three arguments: the two numbers to add and the Wasm component that executed the addition. For example:

```sh

> ./adder-host <x> <y> <path-to-component.wasm>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./app <x> <y> <path-to-component.wasm>
```

```

You can either use a Dockerfile to execute your add component with the C application or directly run the application.

> ### Option A: Compile and run the host directly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Option A: Run the C application directly
```

If the Wasmtime C API headers and library are installed on your system,

> you can compile and run the host directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can compile and run the application directly:
```

On Linux, the following commands install the C API artifacts in `/usr/local`
using the same approach as the `Dockerfile`:

```console
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y --no-install-recommends \
  gcc libc6-dev curl xz-utils ca-certificates

WASMTIME_VERSION=42.0.1
case "$(uname -m)" in
  x86_64) WASMTIME_ARCH=x86_64 ;;
  aarch64|arm64) WASMTIME_ARCH=aarch64 ;;
  *) echo "unsupported architecture: $(uname -m)" >&2; exit 1 ;;
esac

curl -sL "https://github.com/bytecodealliance/wasmtime/releases/download/v${WASMTIME_VERSION}/wasmtime-v${WASMTIME_VERSION}-${WASMTIME_ARCH}-linux-c-api.tar.xz" \
  | sudo tar xJ --strip-components=1 -C /usr/local

sudo ldconfig
```

```console

> cd component-model/examples/example-c-host
> gcc -o adder-host host.c -lwasmtime
> ./adder-host 1 2 /absolute/path/to/adder.wasm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd component-model/examples/example-c-application
gcc -o app app.c -lwasmtime
./app 1 2 /absolute/path/to/adder.wasm
```
